Add feature to flash information for the current page load only (#3)
mzur/kirby-flash: README.md

Very useful for:

-   Saving submitted form data for form validation, specifically for the [Post/Redirect/Get](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post/Redirect/Get) design pattern

> -   Displaying Success or Error messages after a page reload

Reviewer: Please revert.

Author: oops, I had an overzealous code formatter on. Reverting all stylistic changes right now.

```php
<?php if (flash('thanks_message')): ?>
    <?php echo flash('thanks_message'); ?>

> <?php endif; ?>

Reviewer: Please revert (I prefer this without `;`).

<div class="alert alert-error">
    <?php foreach (flash('messages.errors') as $message): ?>
        <div><?= html($message) ?></div>
    <?php endforeach; ?>
</div>

> <?php endif; ?>

Reviewer: Please revert.

flash('messages.errors'); // Array( 0 => 'Email is required.', 1 => 'Phone is required.' )
```

## Flash for current page load only

Sometimes it can be useful to flash a message for the current page load, not the next one. This use case
arises when a message should be shown in a response to the same request, rather than a redirect.

> The `flash()` helper method can be called with an optional **third parameter**, a boolean to toggle whether to flash _now_ instead of in the next page load. The default value of this parameter is `false`: `flash($key, $value = '', $now = false)`.
> 
> ```php
> flash('message', 'Message for redirect'); // flash on the next page load (default)
> flash('message', 'Message for this response', true); // flash in a response to the same request
> ```

Reviewer: I find this phrasing to be misleading. The flashing is done *now* in both cases. Only with `$now = true` it doesn't persist.
```suggestion
The `flash()` helper method can be called with an optional third parameter, a boolean to toggle whether to keep the flashed variable only for the current request. The default value of this parameter is `false` which will keep the flashed variable for the next request.

```php
flash('message', 'Message for redirect'); // Keep for next request
flash('message', 'Message for this response', true); // Keep only for current request
```
```
